Bring architecture doc up to current thinking. (#12)
AMWA-TV/ms-05-01: docs/Scope.md

Documentation of the NCA is organized across multiple parts:

1. An **architecture specification** that describes NCA's various models, mechanisms, and rules.
1. A **framework specification** that defines NCA's repertoire of control and monitoring elements.
1. A **blockspec specification** that defines the format and semantics of _blockspecs_, which are specifications of specific functional groups of NCA control elements for particular application purposes.

> 1. One or more **protocol specifications** that define protocols for accessing NCA's control and monitoring features over the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. At least one **protocol specification** that defines a way of accessing NCA's control and monitoring features over the network.

```

Each specification may have multiple sections that include textual documentation and formal specifications written in various definition languages.

> NCA anticipates that the blockspec mechanism (3, above) will support the growth and evolution of a  set of common models and mechanisms for typical devices and device elements found in practice. Using blockspecs well will optimize interoperability between control systems and devices, and reduce custom engineering cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCA anticipates that the blockspec mechanism (3, above) will support the growth and evolution of a  set of common models and mechanisms for typical devices and device elements found in practice. Using well-defined common blockspecs will optimize interoperability between control systems and devices, and reduce engineering cost.
```

### Scope of this document

> This document describes the NCA architecture - item (1.) in the preceding section. The subsequent documents will be developed in later phases of the NCA workstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the NCA architecture - item (1.) in the preceding section.
```

> ### Note on terminology ###

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Note on terminology

```
